In today's fast-paced world, we are firm believers that there is no room for slow walkers.
From that view, Obikon is surfaced as one of the most significant investment groups in
the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
As we have carried out the responsibility to invest in our nation's future, and strive
to achieve the ambitious goals and visions of its leaders since our inception in 1982
as a printing shop, we have been in a race against time to achieve our goal, to contribute
in advancing society as a medium of knowledge and information, and we were able to provide
that in an environment that resonate with the memories of our clients, who trusted us
since the beginning.
Our ambition as a printing press has been growing till we became a well-known publishing house.
We are proud to publish more than 2900 cultural and methodological titles, and nearly 600
different authors in various fields of knowledge, which is what led us to assume the responsibility
of developing and printing school curriculums for all levels of public education in the
Kingdom of Saudi Arabia.
However, our vision of the future in Obikon goes even further, and that prompted us to
allocate investments related to serving society through producing a high-quality packaging
option that we have become today amongst the largest companies in the Middle East, in
North Africa, with almost $1.6 billion in assets.
3,000 employees and 25 companies based in 16 countries.
And we have successfully ranked in the list of the top companies in the field of packaging
in various materials such as plastic, paper, and medium-density fiberboard panels with
more than 22 billion packs produced annually, which enabled us to serve various clients
within the Kingdom and abroad.
That made us the source of confidence for many of our customers, who we had the privilege
to provide with top-of-the-line services.
We envision the future through digitalize, therefore keeping up with the digital transformation
experience nowadays across the globe is highly essential.
We had enabled Obikon to establish a solid footprint in the digital solutions field by developing
several platforms catered to digitalize and streamline business activities, operating
in diversified sectors including enterprise, human capital management, industrial, and logistics.
That was not the only turning point for Obikon.
Invading the public investment sector was another pivotal step that expanded our frontiers
of excellence.
We are keen on the quality of our production, so we launched in Obikon, a specialized company
for technical fabrics, which is the type of premium-coded fabrics utilized for architectural
structures.
We are proud to be the only factory in the Middle East, producing this kind of coded
fabrics, whose production is exported to more than 60 countries around the world.
This distinctive history of excellence gives us the privilege of serving the visitors
of the Holy House of Ala, through the construction and the production of fabrics, for more than
40,000 tents and shades, distributed over the various holy sites in Maka, marking it the
first project of its kind in the world.
One of the most prominent accomplishments we are proud of is our launch of Obikon Glass,
as one of the largest manufacturers of durable float glass in the Middle East, with production
exceeding 800 tons per day of high-quality glass, and exports its production to more than
30 countries around the globe.
As part of our social responsibilities, we are distinguished by a different approach.
We established the Riyadh Polytechnic Institute, which aims to build and develop a well-trained
Saudi workforce, to contribute to the economic and cultural growth of our country.
Ecologically, we believe that we should have a positive contribution that promotes a sustainable
and green environment.
Rafale environment was born from this sense of responsibility.
The company now treats over 250,000 tons of paper per year, and contributes to saving countless
natural resources in landfills.
Our ambitions at Obikon knows no bounds, and we eagerly anticipate the near future.